Sto sarif doc updates doc 3633 (#3098)
harness/developer-hub: docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/gitleaks-scanner-reference.md

* [Policy Enforcement](/docs/platform/Governance/Policy-as-code/harness-governance-overview)

<!-- END step-palette-config ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- -->

> ## Gitleaks step configuration example

Reviewer: This is confusing since we support out-of-the-box orchestration for gitleaks, I would probably add another section of orchestrated scan. First, then add another section on how ingest sarif (with an example of calling the gitleaks CLI directly )

Author: [Gitleaks orchestration pipeline example](https://64efe04ca3db16066297135a--harness-developer.netlify.app/docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/gitleaks-scanner-reference/#gitleaks-orchestration-pipeline-example)

Here's an example of a configured Gitleaks step.

```yaml
- step:
    type: Gitleaks
    name: gitleaks
    identifier: gitleaks
    spec:
      mode: ingestion
      config: default
      target:
        name: nodegoat
        type: repository
        variant: dev
      advanced:
        log:
          level: debug
      ingestion:
        file: /path/of/file.sarif
    description: gitleaks step
```

## Gitleaks ingestion pipeline example

The following pipeline shows and end-to-end ingestion workflow. The pipeline consist of a Build stage with two steps:

> 1. A Run step that copies a Gitleaks data file `/sarif_simple.sarif` from the local codebase into `/shared/customer_artifacts/`.

Reviewer: I think we want to replace this with a real gitleaks CLI call.

1. A Run step that generates a Gitleaks SARIF file `/sarif_simple.sarif` and copies it to`/shared/customer_artifacts/`.

Author: [Add Gitleaks ingestion pipeline example](https://64efe04ca3db16066297135a--harness-developer.netlify.app/docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/gitleaks-scanner-reference#gitleaks-ingestion-pipeline-example)

2. A Gitleaks step that auto-detects the data file type (SARIF) and then ingests and normalizes the data from `/shared/customer_artifacts/sarif_simple.sarif`. 

![](./static/gitleaks-ingestion-example-pipeline.png)

```yaml
pipeline:
  projectIdentifier: STO
  orgIdentifier: default
  tags: {}
  stages:
    - stage:
        name: gitleaks-build-stage
        identifier: gitleaksbuildstage
        type: CI
        spec:
          cloneCodebase: true
          execution:
            steps:
              - step:
                  type: Run
                  name: Run_1
                  identifier: Run_1
                  spec:
                    connectorRef: MYDOCKERCONNECTOR
                    image: alpine:latest
                    shell: Sh
                    command: |-
                      # ls /harness
                      # ls /harness/testdata/expected/report

>                       cp /harness/testdata/expected/report/sarif_simple.sarif /shared/customer_artifacts/

Reviewer: We should replace this with a gitleaks generated. CLI call, not copy the data in from a shared repository.

Author: [Add Gitleaks ingestion pipeline example](https://64efe04ca3db16066297135a--harness-developer.netlify.app/docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/gitleaks-scanner-reference#gitleaks-ingestion-pipeline-example)

* [Policy Enforcement](/docs/platform/Governance/Policy-as-code/harness-governance-overview)

<!-- END step-palette-config ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- -->
## Gitleaks step configuration example

Here's an example of a configured Gitleaks step.

```yaml
- step:
    type: Gitleaks
    name: gitleaks
    identifier: gitleaks
    spec:
      mode: ingestion
      config: default
      target:
        name: nodegoat
        type: repository
        variant: dev
      advanced:
        log:
          level: debug
      ingestion:
        file: /path/of/file.sarif
    description: gitleaks step
```

## Gitleaks ingestion pipeline example

> The following pipeline shows and end-to-end ingestion workflow. The pipeline consist of a Build stage with two steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following pipeline shows an end-to-end ingestion workflow. The pipeline consists of a Build stage with two steps:
```
